so what we have here is the envy 14
spectra and what you have with that is
really we're looking at trying to do a
product that you know instead of just
the blind chase that a lot of people
have on driving thinner and thinner and
you know worrying about if it's 16 or 17
millimeters what we've done with envy 14
specters drives something that truly
gives you a better experience gives you
a unique or decide and really makes the
right trade-offs for a very premium user
so the first things that I call out
would be you have Gorilla Glass so the
same durable material that you have on
very high end cell phones you have that
on three surfaces so you have it on the
back panel which is very very unique we
won't see that anywhere else you also
have it on the inside panel and you also
have an out a keyboard back so a very
very unique industrial design that we
think will play out really well gives
you that really premium look and feel
the other thing is if you look at the
panel we mounted the panel in a way that
we took away a lot of the over head
around it so it's a very very tight
integration very very small borders
and it's a very bright and vivid panel
and it also has a higher resolution so
it's 1600 x 900 so it gives you a lot
more real estate than what you're used
to getting on a standard ultraportable
it also has things on the keyboard diet
names I'm here to look at the backlit
keys on this if you look at most
platforms with back legs with it it will
sort of fade in and out and do it the
further away from the center you get
this one has one LED / key so it gives
you a super price from taco or even in
semi let environment it also has Beats
Audio do you have a little nice volume
scroll wheel on the side where you can
control the volume you can also turn the
beat sets off and on and you can easily
go to you the other thing that we've
done is you know
people hate dong so forcing people to
make take away a lot of ports we kept a
lot of those on the unit so what you
look at it here is displayport hdmi you
have the vga or sorry rj45 on there and
you have two USB 3 ports you also you
know for these of service and everything
we have a removable door on the bottle
where you can easily access a lot of
components on the inside of you
so this is the envy spectre
which is really the top and the highest
end of our line of it's really that
whole thing about giving the ultra
portable users something to like the
other thing that we want to do with this
version has also given a rich experience
even when it comes to the software so
what you see with the software load is
we've done a very very clean software
load we have very little on it it runs
extremely fast especially considering
then we have the rapid start technology
on it looks lets in to resume extremely
fast the other thing we did is also
giving sort of a richer experience out
the door is we've included full versions
of Adobe's element software suite so
that if you're doing photo sorting or
editing you can easily do it enjoy the
great beautiful panel on it everything
we also have a me for these two booty
some people that want to go a little bit
over that
we have these very very special edition
tech cart with Marquesa crystals
integrated into the rear panel
if you want it to stand out a little bit
extra for any environment
I never say